<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# docs

	import "github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc/testData/docs"

Package docs exercises the documentation features of golang 1.19 and above at the package documentation level.

### This is a heading

This heading has a paragraph with a reference to the standard library [math/rand](<https://pkg.go.dev/math/rand/>) as well as a function in the file [Func](<#Func>), a type [Type](<#Type>), a type's function [Type.Func](<#Type.Func>), a non\-standard library package [golang.org/x/crypto/bcrypt.Cost](<https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/crypto/bcrypt/#Cost>), an external link [Outside Link](<https://golang.org/doc/articles/json_and_go.html>) and a \[broken link\]. We can also place links directly like https://github.com which get turned into links.

It also has a numbered list:

1. First
2. Second
3. Third

Plus one with blank lines:

1. First

2. Second

3. Third

Non\-numbered lists

- First another line
- Second
- Third

Plus blank lines:

- First
  
  another paragraph

- Second

- Third

And a golang code block:

	func GolangCode(t int) int {
		return t + 1
	}
	

And a random code block:

	something
		preformatted
	in a random
			way
	

There's also another file with a struct called [AnotherStruct](<#AnotherStruct>) that has additional methods and fields.

We also have constants like [Constant](<#Constant>) and [Const1](<#Const1>) plus variables like [Var](<#Var>) and and [VarB](<#VarA>).

## Index

- Constants
- Variables
- [func Func\(param int\) int](<#Func>)
- [type AnotherStruct](<#AnotherStruct>)
  - [func NewAnotherStruct\(\) \*AnotherStruct](<#NewAnotherStruct>)
  - [func \(s \*AnotherStruct\) GetField\(\) string](<#AnotherStruct.GetField>)
- [type Type](<#Type>)
  - [func \(t \*Type\) Func\(\)](<#Type.Func>)


## Constants

<a name="Const1"></a>This is a constant block

	const (
	    Const1 = 1
	    Const2 = 2
	    Const3 = 3
	)

<a name="Constant"></a>Constant is a constant.

	const Constant = 3

## Variables

<a name="VarA"></a>This is a var block

	var (
	    VarA = 'a'
	    VarB = 'b'
	    VarC = 'c'
	)

<a name="Var"></a>Var is a var.

	var Var = 2

<a name="Func"></a>
## func Func

	func Func(param int) int

Func is present in this file.

<a name="AnotherStruct"></a>
## type AnotherStruct

AnotherStruct has methods like [\\\*AnotherStruct.GetField](<#AnotherStruct.GetField>) and also has an initializer called [NewAnotherStruct](<#NewAnotherStruct>).

	type AnotherStruct struct {
	    Field string
	}

<a name="NewAnotherStruct"></a>
### func NewAnotherStruct

	func NewAnotherStruct() *AnotherStruct

NewAnotherStruct\(\) makes [\\\*AnotherStruct](<#AnotherStruct>).

<a name="AnotherStruct.GetField"></a>
### func \(\*AnotherStruct\) GetField

	func (s *AnotherStruct) GetField() string

GetField gets \[\*AnotherStruct.Field\].

<a name="Type"></a>
## type Type

Type is a type in this file.

	type Type struct{}

<a name="Type.Func"></a>
### func \(\*Type\) Func

	func (t *Type) Func()

TypeFunc is a func within a type in this file.

Generated by [gomarkdoc](<https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc>)
